MATHEMATICAL FOUNDATIONS OF COMPUTER SCIENCE (PC-I)
M.Tech CSE I Year I Sem. LTP C
300 3
Pre-requisites: An understanding of Math in general issufficient.
Course Objectives: To learn
1. Introducesthe elementary discretemathematicsfor computerscience and engineering.
2. Topics include formal logic notation, methods of proof, induction, sets, relations, graph
theory, permutations and combinations, counting principles; recurrence relations and
generating functions.
CourseOutcomes: After learning the contents of this paper the student must be able to
1. Apply the principles of propositional and predicate logic to solve problems in computer science
and engineering domains.
2. Analyse set-theoretic structures, relations, and functions to establish mathematical foundations
for advanced algorithms and computational models in real world scenarios.
3. Make Use of mathematical induction,recursion, and program verification techniques in terms of
complexity and correctness for the challenging algorithms.
4. Utilize Bayes’theorem, and advanced counting techniques to optimize combinatorial problems
of the problems in multidisciplinary domains.
5. Create mathematical models using recurrence relations, generating functions, and graphtheoretic techniques to solve real-world research-oriented problems.
UNIT-I
The Foundations Logic and Proofs: Propositional Logic, Applications of Propositional Logic,
Propositional Equivalence, Predicates and Quantifiers, Nested Quantifiers, Rules of Inference,
Introduction to Proofs, Proof Methods and Strategy.
UNIT-II
Basic Structures, Sets, Functions, Sequences, Sums, Matrices and Relations: Sets, Functions,
Sequences & Summations, Cardinality of Sets and Matrices Relations, Relations and Their Properties,
n-ary Relations and Their Applications, Representing Relations, Closures of Relations, Equivalence
Relations, Partial Orderings.
UNIT-III
Algorithms, Induction and Recursion: Algorithms, The Growth of Functions, Complexity of Algorithms.
Induction and Recursion: Mathematical Induction, Strong Induction and Well-Ordering, Recursive
Definitions and Structural Induction, Recursive Algorithms, Program Correctness.
UNIT-IV
Discrete Probability and Advanced Counting Techniques:
An Introduction to Discrete Probability. Probability Theory, Bayes’ Theorem, Expected Value and
Variance. Advanced Counting Techniques:
Recurrence Relations, Solving Linear Recurrence Relations, Divide-and-Conquer Algorithms and
Recurrence Relations, Generating Functions, Inclusion-Exclusion, Applications of Inclusion-Exclusion.
UNIT-V
Graphs: Graphs and Graph Models, Graph Terminology and Special Types of Graphs, Representing
Graphs and Graph Isomorphism, Connectivity, Euler and Hamilton Paths, Shortest-Path Problems,
Planar Graphs, Graph Coloring.
Trees: Introduction to Trees, Applications of Trees, Tree Traversal, Spanning Trees, Minimum
Spanning Trees.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering
Marri Laxman Reddy Institute of Technology and Management-UGC Autonomous
TEXT BOOKS:
1. Discrete Mathematical Structures with Applications to Computer Science: J.P. Tremblay,
R. Manohar, McGraw-hill, 1
st ed.
2. Discrete Mathematics for Computer Scientists & Mathematicians: Joe l. Mott, Abraham
Kandel, Teodore P. Baker, Prentis Hall of India, 2nd ed.
REFERENCE:
1. Discrete and Combinatorial Mathematics - an applied introduction: Ralph.P. Grimald,
Pearson education, 5th edition.
2. Discrete Mathematical Structures: Thomas Kosy, Tata McGraw Hill publishing co.
ADVANCED DATA STRUCTURES (PC-II)
M.Tech CSE I Year I Sem. L T P C
3 0 0 3
Prerequisites
1. A course on “Data Structures”.
Course Objectives
1. Introduces the heap data structures such as leftist trees, binomial heaps, Fibonacci and
min- max heaps.
2. Introduces a variety of data structures such as disjoint sets, hash tables,search structures
and digital search structures.
Course Outcomes
1. Apply heap and hashing techniques for efficient data organization and retrieval in real-world
applications of databases and memory management.
2. Analyze balanced and multiway search trees for dynamic searching operations in
multidisciplinary domains of network routing and AI-based search systems.
3. Implement digital search structures such as tries and suffix trees forsoftware engineering and
compiler design.
4. Evaluate collision resolution strategies and hashing methods for research in cryptography and
distributed systems.
5. Design efficient pattern-matching solutions using classical and advanced algorithms for industry
applications in cybersecurity and text analytics.
UNIT - I
Heap Structures
Introduction, Min-Max Heaps, Leftist trees, Binomial Heaps, Fibonacci heaps.
UNIT - II
Hashing and Collisions
Introduction, Hash Tables, Hash Functions, different Hash Functions:- Division Method, Multiplication
Method, Mid-Square Method, Folding Method, Collisions
UNIT - III
Search Structures: OBST, AVL trees, Red-Black trees, Splay trees,Multiway Search Trees,B-trees, 2-3 trees
UNIT - IV
Digital Search Structures,Digital Search trees, Binary tries and Patricia, Multiway Tries, Suffix trees,
Standard Tries, Compressed Tries
UNIT - V
Patternmatching,Introduction, Brute force, the Boyer –Moore algorithm, Knuth-Morris-Pratt algorithm,
Naïve String, Harspool, Rabin Karp
TEXT BOOKS:
1. Fundamentals of data structuresin C++ Sahni,Horowitz, Mehatha, Universities Press.
2. Introduction to Algorithms, TH Cormen, PHI
REFERENCES:
1. Design methods and analysis of Algorithms, SK Basu, PHI.
2. Data Structures &Algorithm Analysisin C++, Mark Allen Weiss, Pearson Education.
3. Fundamentals of Computer Algorithms, 2
nd Edition, Ellis Horowitz, Sartaj
Sahni, Sanguthevar Rajasekaran, Universities Press.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering
Marri Laxman Reddy Institute of Technology and Management-UGC Autonomous
DATABASE PROGRAMMING WITH PL/SQL (PROFESSIONAL ELECTIVE - I)
M.Tech CSE I Year I Sem. L T P C
3 0 0 3
Course Objectives:
1. Knowledge on significance of SQL fundamentals.
2. Evaluate functions and triggers of PL/SQL
3. Knowledge on controlstructures, packagesin PL/SQL and its applications
Course Outcomes:
1. Apply PL/SQL block structures, variables, control statements, and exception handling to solve
problems.
2. Design collections and bulk operations for efficient data processing in e-commerce
transactions.
3. Develop functions and procedures with proper transaction handling and parameter passing
business logic modules of ERP systems.
4. Construct and manage PL/SQL packages with appropriate definer, invoker rights for
components of inventory, payroll systems.
5. Make use of triggers to automate database events for auditing financial transactions and
enforcing data integrity in databases.
Unit I
PL/SQL Basics
Block Structure, Behavior of Variables in Blocks, Basic Scalar and Composite Data Types, Control
Structures, Exceptions, Bulk Operations, Functions, Procedures, and Packages, Transaction Scope
Unit II
Language Fundamentals & Control Structures
Lexical Units, Variables and Data Types, Conditional Statements, Iterative Statements, Cursor
Structures, Bulk Statements, Introduction to Collections, Object Types: Varray and Table Collections,
Associative Arrays, Oracle Collection API
Unit III
Functions and Procedures
Function and Procedure Architecture, Transaction Scope, Calling Subroutines, Positional Notation,
Named Notation, Mixed Notation, Exclusionary Notation, SQL Call Notation, Functions, Function
Model Choices, Creation Options, Pass-by-Value Functions, Pass-by-Reference Functions, Procedures,
Pass-by-Value Procedures, Pass-by-Reference Procedures, Supporting Scripts.
Unit IV
Packages
Package Architecture, Package Specification, Prototype Features, Serially Reusable Precompiler
Directive, Variables, Types, Components: Functions and Procedures, Package Body, Prototype
Features, Variables, Types, Components: Functions and Procedures, Definer vs. Invoker Rights
Mechanics, Managing Packages in the Database Catalog, Finding, Validating, and Describing
Packages, Checking Dependencies, Comparing Validation Methods: Timestamp vs. Signature.
Unit V
Triggers
Introduction to Triggers, Database Trigger Architecture, Data Definition Language Triggers, Event
Attribute Functions, Building DDL Triggers, Data Manipulation Language Triggers, Statement-Level
Triggers, Row-Level Triggers, Compound Triggers, INSTEAD OF Triggers, System and Database Event
Triggers, Trigger Restrictions, Maximum Trigger Size, SQL Statements, LONG and LONG RAW Data
Types.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering
Marri Laxman Reddy Institute of Technology and Management-UGC Autonomous
TEXT BOOKS:
1. Oracle Database 12c PL/SQL Programming Michael McLaughlin, McGraw Hill Education.
REFERENCES:
1. Benjamin Rosenzweig, Elena Silvestrova Rakhimov, Oracle PL/SQL by example Fifth Edition.
2. Dr. P. S. Deshpande, SQL &PL / SQL for Oracle 11g Black Book.
SOFTWARE QUALITY ENGINEERING (PROFESSIONAL ELECTIVE - II)
M.Tech CSE I Year I Sem. L T P C
3 0 0 3
Course Objectives:
Knowledge on significance of Quality, quality assurance, quality engineering.
CourseOutcomes:
Unit I Software Quality
Quality: perspectives and expectations, Quality frameworks and ISO-9126, correctness and defects:
Definitions, properties and Measurements, A historical perspective of quality, software quality.
Unit II Quality Assurance
Classification: QA as dealing with defects, Defect prevention- Education and training, Formal method,
Other defect prevention techniques, Defect Reduction - Inspection: Direct fault detection and
removal, Testing: Failure observation and fault removal, other techniques and risk identification,
Defect Containment- software fault tolerance, safety assurance and failure containment
Unit III Quality Engineering
Quality Engineering: Activities and process, Quality planning: Goal setting and Strategy formation,
Quality assessment and Improvement, Quality engineering in software process.
UnitIV Test Activities, Management and Automation
Test planning and preparation, Test execution, Result checking and measurement, Analysis and
follow- up, Activities People and Management, Test Automation.
Unit V Coverage and usage testing based on checklist and partitions
Checklist based testing and its limitations, Testing for partition Coverage, Usage based Statistical
testing with Musa’s operational profiles, Constructing operational profiles
Case Study: OP forthe cartridge Support Software
TEXT BOOKS:
1. Jeff Tian, Software Quality Engineering, Testing, Quality Assurance, and
Quantifiable improvement
2. Richard N. Taylor, Software Architecture: Foundations, Theory, and Practice
RESEARCH METHODOLOGY & IPR
M.Tech CSE I Year I Sem. L T P C
2 0 0 2
Prerequisite: None
CourseObjectives:
1. To understand the research problem
2. To know the literature studies, plagiarism and ethics
3. To get the knowledge abouttechnical writing
4. To analyze the nature of intellectual property rights and new developments
5. To know the patent rights
Course Outcomes: Atthe end of this course,students will be able to
1. Identify research problems using systematic approachesto data collection, analysis, and
instrumentation forsolving real-world challengesin science and engineering.
2. Analyze literature effectively while adhering to researchethicstosupport academicwriting and
plagiarism-free publications.
3. Developstructured research proposals and technicalreportsfor applicationsin academic
presentations, project funding, and professional communication.
4. Examine intellectual property systems,including patents, copyrights, and designs,to apply themin
innovation protection and technology commercialization.
5. Evaluate case studies onemerging IPRissuessuchas biologicalsystems,software, and traditional
knowledge to support entrepreneurship and multidisciplinary research.
UNIT-I
Meaning of research problem, Sources of research problem, Criteria Characteristics of a good
research problem, Errors in selecting a research problem, Scope and objectives of research problem.
Approaches of investigation of solutions for research problem, data collection, analysis, interpretation,
Necessary instrumentations
UNIT-II
Effective literature studies approaches, analysis, Plagiarism, Research ethics
UNIT-III
Effective technical writing, how to write report, Paper Developing a Research Proposal, Format of
research proposal, a presentation and assessment by a review committee
UNIT-IV
Nature of Intellectual Property: Patents, Designs, Trade and Copyright. Process of Patenting and
Development: technological research, innovation, patenting, development. International Scenario:
International cooperation on Intellectual Property. Procedure for grants of patents, Patenting under
PCT.
UNIT-V
Patent Rights: Scope of Patent Rights. Licensing and transfer of technology. Patentinformation
and databases. Geographical Indications. New Developments in IPR: Administration of Patent
System. New developments in IPR; IPR of Biological Systems, Computer Software etc. Traditional
knowledge Case Studies, IPR and IITs.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering
Marri Laxman Reddy Institute of Technology and Management-UGC Autonomous
TEXT BOOKS:
1. Stuart Melville and Wayne Goddard, “Research methodology: an introduction for science
& engineering students”
2. C.R. Kothari, Research Methodology, methods & techniques, 2nd edition, New age
International publishers
REFERENCES:
1. Ranjit Kumar, 2nd Edition, “Research Methodology: A Step by Step Guide for beginners”
2. Halbert, “Resisting Intellectual Property”, Taylor &Francis Ltd ,2007.
3. Mayall, “Industrial Design”, McGraw Hill, 1992.
4. Niebel, “Product Design”, McGraw Hill, 1974.
5. Asimov, “Introduction to Design”, Prentice Hall, 1962.
6. Robert P. Merges, Peter S. Menell, Mark A. Lemley, “Intellectual Property in
New Technological Age”, 2016.
7. T. Ramappa, “Intellectual Property Rights Under WTO”, S. Chand, 2008.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
ADVANCED ALGORITHMS (PC - III)
M.Tech CSE I Year II Sem. L T P C
3 0 0 3
Pre-Requisites: UG level course in Algorithm Design and Analysis
Course Objectives:
1. Introduce studentsto the advancedmethods of designing and analyzing algorithms.
2. The student should be able to choose appropriate algorithms and use it for a
specific problem.
3. To familiarize students with basic paradigms and data structures used to solve
advanced algorithmic problems.
4. Students should be able to understand different classes of problems concerning
their computation difficulties.
5. To introduce the students to recent developmentsin the area of algorithmic design.
CourseOutcomes: After completion of course,students would be able to:
1. Apply sorting, graph traversal, and shortest path algorithms to solve optimization problems in
networks and real-time systems.
2. Analyze matroids, greedy algorithms, and graph matching techniques for applications in resource
allocation and scheduling.
3. Implement flow networks, matrix computations, and divide-and-conquerstrategies for solving
large-scale scientific and engineering problems.
4. Evaluate dynamic programming, modular arithmetic, and fast polynomial/DFT algorithms for
secure communications and cryptography.
5. Design solutions for NP-complete problems using advanced paradigms and recent data
structures to support multidisciplinary research.
UNIT – I
Sorting:
Review of varioussorting algorithms,topologicalsorting
Graph:
Definitions and Elementary Algorithms: Shortest path by BFS, shortest path in edge-weighted case
(Dijkstra's), depth-first search and computation of strongly connected components, emphasis on
correctness proof of the algorithm and time/space analysis, example of amortized analysis.
UNIT – II
Matroids:
Introduction to greedy paradigm, algorithm to compute a maximum weight maximal independent
set. Application to MST.
Graph Matching:
Algorithm to compute maximum matching. Characterization of maximum matching by augmenting
paths, Edmond's Blossom algorithm to compute augmenting path.
UNIT - III
Flow-Networks:
Maxflow-mincut theorem, Ford-Fulkerson Method to compute maximum flow, Edmond-Karp
maximum-flow algorithm.
Matrix Computations:
Strassen's algorithm and introduction to divide and conquer paradigm, inverse of a triangular matrix,
relation between the time complexities of basic matrix operations, LUP-decomposition.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering
Marri Laxman Reddy Institute of Technology and Management-UGC Autonomous
UNIT - IV
Shortest Path in Graphs:
Floyd-Warshall algorithm and introduction to dynamic programming paradigm. More examples of
dynamic programming.
Modulo Representation of integers/polynomials:
Chinese Remainder Theorem, Conversion between base-representation and modulo-representation.
Extension to polynomials. Application: Interpolation problem.
Discrete Fourier Transform (DFT):
In complex field, DFT in modulo ring. Fast Fourier Transform algorithm. Schonhage-Strassen Integer
Multiplication algorithm.
UNIT - V
Linear Programming: Geometry of the feasibility region and Simplex algorithm
NP-completeness: Examples, proof of NP-hardness and NP-completeness.
Recent Trends in problem solving paradigms using recent searching and sorting techniques by
applying recently proposed data structures.
REFERENCES:
1. Cormen, Leiserson, Rivest, Stein, "Introduction to Algorithms".
2. Aho,Hopcroft,Ullman "The Design and Analysis of Computer Algorithms".
3. Kleinberg and Tardos."Algorithm Design".
ADVANCED COMPUTER ARCHITECTURE (PC - IV)
M.Tech CSE I Year II Sem. L T P C
3 0 0 3
Prerequisites: ComputerOrganization
Course Objectives:
1. To impartthe concepts and principles of parallel and advanced computer architectures.
2. To develop the design techniques of Scalable and multithreaded Architectures.
3. To Apply the concepts and techniques of parallel and advanced computer
architectures to design modern computer systems
Course Outcomes: Gain knowledge of
1. Apply models of parallelism, program partitioning, and scheduling techniques to optimize
execution in distributed and high-performance systems.
2. Analyze performance metrics, speedup laws, and scalability approaches to evaluate the
efficiency of parallel systems.
3. Implement shared-memory architectures, pipelining, and superscalar designs to improve
throughput in modern processors.
4. Evaluate interconnection networks, cache coherence, and synchronization mechanisms for reliable
multiprocessor and multicomputer systems.
5. Design vector and SIMD architectures to support advanced applications in machine learning,
graphics, and scientific simulations.
UNIT - I
Theory of Parallelism, Parallel computer models, The State of Computing, Multiprocessors and
Multicomputers, Multivector and SIMD Computers, PRAM and VLSI models, Architectural
development tracks, Program and network properties, Conditions of parallelism, Program
partitioning and Scheduling, Program flow Mechanisms, System interconnect Architectures.
UNIT - II
Principles of Scalable performance, Performance metrics and measures, Parallel Processing
applications, Speed up performance laws, Scalability Analysis and Approaches, Hardware
Technologies, Processes and Memory Hierarchy, Advanced Processor Technology, Superscalar and
Vector Processors
UNIT - III
Shared-Memory Organizations, Sequential and weak consistency models, Pipelining and superscalar
techniques, Linear Pipeline Processors, Non-Linear Pipeline Processors, Instruction Pipeline design,
Arithmetic pipeline design, superscalar pipeline design.
UNIT - IV
Parallel and Scalable Architectures, Multiprocessors and Multicomputers, Multiprocessor system
interconnects, cache coherence and synchronization mechanism, Three Generations of
Multicomputers, Message-passing Mechanisms, Multivetor and SIMD computers.
UNIT - V
Vector Processing Principles, Multivector Multiprocessors, Compound Vector processing, SIMD
computer Organizations, The connection machine CM-5.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering
Marri Laxman Reddy Institute of Technology and Management-UGC Autonomous
TEXT BOOK:
1. Advanced Computer Architecture, Kai Hwang, 2
nd Edition, Tata McGraw Hill Publishers.
REFERENCES:
1. Computer Architecture,J.L. Hennessy andD.A. Patterson, 4
th Edition, ELSEVIER.
2. Advanced Computer Architectures, S.G.Shiva, Special Indian edition, CRC, Taylor &Francis.
3. Introduction to High Performance Computing for Scientists and Engineers, G. Hager and
G. Wellein, CRC Press, Taylor & Francis Group.
4. Advanced Computer Architecture, D. Sima, T. Fountain, P. Kacsuk, Pearson education.
5. Computer Architecture, B. Parhami,Oxford Univ. Press.
CYBER SECURITY (PROFESSIONAL ELECTIVE - III)
M.Tech CSE I YearII Sem. L T P C
3 0 0 3
Course objectives:
1. To understand varioustypes of cyber-attacks and cyber-crimes
2. To learn threats and risks within context of the cyber security
3. To have an overview of the cyber laws & concepts of cyber forensics
4. To study the defensive techniques againstthese attacks
Course Outcomes:
1. Design cyber security concepts and threat models forsecure communication systems in
protecting organizational assets.
2. Analyze cyber laws, policies, and digital forensic techniques to investigate cybercrimes in
preserving admissible digital evidence.
3. Evaluate mobile and wireless device vulnerabilitiesto recommend effective authentication and
security policies in enterprise environments.
4. Examine organizational implications of cyber threats to formulate strategies mitigating risksin
web services,social media, and intellectual property.
5. Develop privacy-preserving solutions and policies forsensitive domains such as healthcare and
financial systems through real-world case analysis.
UNIT -I
Introduction to Cyber Security: Basic Cyber Security Concepts, layers of security, Vulnerability,
threat, Harmful acts, Internet Governance – Challenges and Constraints, Computer Criminals, CIA
Triad, Assets and Threat, motive of attackers, active attacks, passive attacks, Software attacks,
hardware attacks, Cyber Threats-Cyber Warfare, Cyber Crime, Cyber terrorism, Cyber Espionage, etc.,
Comprehensive Cyber Security Policy.
UNIT - II
Cyberspace and the Law & Cyber Forensics: Introduction, Cyber Security Regulations, Roles of
International Law. The INDIAN Cyberspace, National Cyber Security Policy.
Introduction, Historical background of Cyber forensics, Digital Forensics Science, The Need for
Computer Forensics, Cyber Forensics and Digital evidence, Forensics Analysis of Email, Digital
Forensics Lifecycle, Forensics Investigation, Challenges in Computer Forensics
UNIT - III
Cybercrime: Mobile and Wireless Devices: Introduction, Proliferation of Mobile and Wireless
Devices, Trends in Mobility, Credit card Frauds in Mobile and Wireless Computing Era, Security
Challenges Posed by Mobile Devices, Registry Settings for Mobile Devices, Authentication service
Security, Attacks on Mobile/Cell Phones, Organizational security Policies and Measures in Mobile
Computing Era, Laptops.
UNIT- IV
Cyber Security: Organizational Implications: Introduction, cost of cybercrimes and IPR issues, web
threats for organizations, security and privacy implications, social media marketing: security risks and
perils for organizations, social computing and the associated challenges for organizations
UNIT - V
Privacy Issues: Basic Data Privacy Concepts: Fundamental Concepts, Data Privacy Attacks, Data
linking and profiling, privacy policies and their specifications, privacy policy languages, privacy in
different domains- medical, financial, etc
Cybercrime: Examples and Mini-Cases
Examples: Official Website of Maharashtra Government Hacked, Indian Banks Lose Millions of
Rupees, Parliament Attack, Pune City Police Bust Nigerian Racket, e-mail spoofing instances.
Mini-Cases: The Indian Case of online Gambling, An Indian Case of Intellectual Property Crime,
Financial Frauds in Cyber Domain.
Department of Computer Science and Engineering
Marri Laxman Reddy Institute of Technology and Management-UGC Autonomous
TEXT BOOKS:
1. Nina Godbole and Sunit Belpure, Cyber Security Understanding Cyber Crimes,
Computer Forensics and Legal Perspectives, Wiley
2. B.B. Gupta, D.P. Agrawal, Haoxiang Wang, Computer and Cyber Security:
Principles, Algorithm, Applications, and Perspectives, CRC Press, ISBN
9780815371335,2018.
REFERENCES:
1. Cyber Security Essentials, James Graham, Richard Howard and Ryan Otson, CRC Press.
2. Introduction to Cyber Security, Chwan-Hwa(john) Wu,J. David Irwin, CRC Press T&FGroup.
ROBOTIC PROCESS AUTOMATION (PROFESSIONAL ELECTIVE - IV)
M.Tech CSE I YearII Sem. L T P C
3 0 0 3
Course Objectives:
Aim of the course isto make learnersfamiliar with the concepts of Robotic Process Automation.
Course Outcomes:
1. Apply RPA concepts and Automation Anywhere features for automating repetitive business
processes.
2. Analyze web control room components to manage enterprise-level automation tasks effectively.
3. Evaluate device pools, workloads, and administration settings to ensure secure, scalable, and
efficient deployment of RPA solutions in organizations.
4. Distinguish recording tools and command librariesto optimize task automation in real-world
scenarios.
5. Create advanced automation workflows using object cloning, error handling, PDF/FTP/PGP
integration, and workflow designers for end-to-end digital transformation.
Unit I
Introduction to Robotic Process Automation & Bot Creation Introduction to RPA and Use cases –
Automation Anywhere Enterprise Platform – Advanced features and capabilities – Ways to create
Bots
Unit II
Web Control Room and Client Introduction - Features Panel - Dashboard (Home, Bots, Devices,
Audit, Workload, Insights) - Features Panel – Activity (View Tasks in Progress and Scheduled Tasks)
- Bots(View Bots Uploaded and Credentials)
Unit III
Devices (View Development and Runtime Clients and Device Pools) - Workload (Queues and SLA
Calculator) - Audit Log (View Activities Logged which are associated with Web CR) - Administration
(Configure Settings, Users, Roles, License and Migration) - Demo of Exposed API’s – Conclusion –
Client introduction and Conclusion.
Unit IV
Bot Creator Introduction – Recorders – Smart Recorders – Web Recorders – Screen Recorders - Task
Editor – Variables - Command Library – Loop Command – Excel Command – Database Command -
String Operation Command - XML Command
Unit V
Terminal Emulator Command - PDF Integration Command - FTP Command - PGP Command - Object
Cloning Command - Error Handling Command - Manage Windows Control Command - Workflow
Designer - Report Designer
TEXT BOOKS:
1. Learning Robotic Process Automation: Create Software robots and automate business
processes with the leading RPA tool - UiPath: Create Software robots. with the leading
RPA tool – UiPath Kindle Edition.
REFERENCES:
1. Robotic Process Automation A Complete Guide - 2020 Edition Kindle Edition.